Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[metal creaking]
[loud rap music]
- What's going on?
[indistinct]
- I don't know
how it'd take off my tongue.
- Go!
- 3. 2. 1.
[shouting in pain]
[light classical music]
- They want something
scandalous.
They want a headline.
- The more outrageous things
that you say or do.
- If you have an OnlyFans.
if you're hot on Instagram.
if you're confident.
- I could basically post
whatever I want.
say whatever I want.
do whatever I want.
- This is great.
I'm king of the world.
- Your phone blowing up.
millions of comments.
- There's more creators and more
people making content online.
- Now anybody
could become famous.
- Every next piece of content
will be more extreme.
- There might be consequences
to being a content creator.
but as far as the rules.
you make the rules.
- I'm Dr. Jamie Cohen.
I am a new media researcher.
faculty member. expert.
but I have a PhD
in visual culture and memes.
- The pizza's about to fall!
The pizza's about to fall.
The pizza is about to fall.
Ma'am.
The pizza. the pizza!
The pizza!
- For young people. I'm talking
Gen Z. even Gen Alpha.
they're growing up now.
and one of the top jobs
that young people want to do
is be an influencer.
or they want to be a YouTuber.
or a vlogger.
- This is my most viral one.
[pop music]
- 1.5 million likes.
That's crazy.
- And so internet fame is
a real thing.
Internet fame is
a powerful thing.
How do you become famous?
I mean. as long
as Hollywood's existed.
people wanted to be famous.
Now that the internet
makes you famous.
that's a career choice.
a literal career choice.
that people want to make.
Sometimes somebody feels
compelled
to share something
that is not appropriate.
and they become the main
character of the day.
They become part
of the discourse.
- She licked the toilet seat
on an airplane
then posted the video
to social media.
- What in God's name
is wrong with you?
And honestly. if this is
your desperate attempt
to make something of yourself
on social media.
I would urge you
to delete your account.
Actually better. Twitter
should delete her account.
- And that inappropriateness
makes them temporarily viral.
Knowing that there's a main
character of the day.
you can exploit the platform
to be the main character
of the day.
That is a model
that is sponsored
by the platform itself.
[pop music]
- I was still insane
before I was famous.
When I look back at my childhood
and compare it
to my internet career.
I was literally born
and raised for this.
I was kind of dorky
in high school.
Like. no one really knew
who I was.
And then when I was 16.
I hooked up with a guy
in my high school stairwell
right outside
the nurse's office.
and the nurse caught us
hooking up.
And I ended up getting
suspended for 10 days.
and the whole town
knew about it.
Everyone was so shocked.
And I was like. I can either
be really ashamed about this
and just keep quiet
and fall off the radar
and just play it off.
or I could play into it.
'Cause to me. I feel like
when you show shame
and you show embarrassment.
you're weak.
So I'm like. I'm not weak.
So I just played into it.
and I was like.
"Yeah. I am this girl
who hooked up with a guy
in the stairwell.
and I'll do it again.
and I'll do it with a teacher.
and I'll do it
with your brother."
And I came back to school.
and everyone was shocked
'cause I had no shame.
And everyone really liked it.
They were like.
this girl doesn't give a fuck.
[hip hop music]
- What's up? This is Jumanne.
and I'm going to show you
how I make French toast.
What's up?
It's Jumanne.
I'm about
to go wash some clothes.
What's up? It's Jumanne.
I just got out of the shower.
My name's Jumanne.
I'm a content creator
as well as a music artist. and
I'm just trying to find a way
how to provide for myself
doing what I want to do.
This is my blowup bed.
This is my green screen
that I use for editing.
This is where I keep
all my clothes in a suitcase.
I used to spend so much time
watching TV as a child.
you know.
whether it's Disney Channel.
Nickelodeon.
I wanted to be a childhood star.
or just people.
like. celebrities in general.
I just felt like
that was just the life.
I felt like people
that were famous
were on the top of the world.
Everybody loves you.
you're rich.
you're like the best person
on the planet.
You're like the chosen one.
I was willing to do anything
for fame.
and social media just made
that journey possible.
That's kind of like.
Yeah. just got to learn
how to do it. and I'll be okay.
- So it kind of all started
through skateboarding.
I mean. I've been skateboarding
since I was like 11.
And skateboarding's
one of those sports where
you're destined to get hurt.
So I ended up
breaking my limbs.
I broke my arm twice in one
summer. completely in half.
[boy]: Oh. my God.
- I remember after that.
it was one of those things
where it's like.
I'm not good enough
to get sponsored.
not good enough
to make money from this
or monetize it. go professional.
I loved making videos.
We always made these
clip of the days on YouTube
where me and my friends
would 50% mess around...
♪ Jingle all the way
- We're spreading
Christmas cheer. man.
- You're not spreading
Christmas cheer.
You're being a bloody idiot.
- 50% skateboard.
So I kind of decided. why don't
we make a movie type thing.
kind of like Jackass.
but our own little friend group
thing called GTF the Movie.
[shouting indistinctly]
Once we released the movie.
it was the talk of the town
type thing.
And I saw the traction
that you could get from it.
I remember it kind of
got me some notoriety
around my hometown.
It was kind of cool.
Everywhere I went.
people noticed.
And so I enjoyed it. I liked
the shock value of the videos.
- Whoa!
And I've always just been a big
advocate for video creation.
'Cause. you know.
videos live forever.
You could die tomorrow.
but the videos stay.
They're always there. They're
there on the internet to stay.
- Oh. shit.
Oh. shit.
- Call 911.
That really hurt.
- Gnarly. man.
- I remember seeing
the Tide Pod challenge.
and I remember the cinnamon
challenge.
and all the media going crazy
about that.
Constantly. I would see that.
All these challenges popping up.
The ice cream challenge.
So I said. I want
a media-worthy story.
I need to lick something.
like they did
in the ice cream challenge.
[man]: Lick it.
Lick it. Oh!
Now put it in.
Put it in.
- So during the pandemic.
I was going on spring break.
and I looked in the news.
and I saw
that COVID and airplane travel.
how they were
shutting down travel.
were the two things people
were talking about the most.
'Cause we were starting
to go into a lockdown.
People are so scared of airports
right now.
and I was going on a flight
to Miami for spring break.
and I was like.
"They hate spring break."
So I was just like. perfect
opportunity to mix that all up.
So I just went for it. and
I licked the airplane toilet.
and I made the TikTok.
Obviously cleaned the toilet
first. but that doesn't matter.
I still licked the toilet.
We didn't check my phone
for two hours.
We go back. it's
at fucking 15 million views.
And then I'm getting
all kinds of calls and emails
from the news.
That was my first time
being in the news.
I loved how it felt.
I loved the clout.
I loved all the followers
I was getting.
I loved all the attention.
I loved the fighting.
the banter.
just when I was gaining. the
interviews. I really liked it.
That was probably
one of my biggest scandals.
'cause that was
so international.
and it was just wild.
They wrote about my song
in the New York Times.
Skinny Legend Anthem
isn't a good song.
It's catchy.
but it's not a good song.
♪ I am a skinny legend
♪ Damn I might take your man
I got clout I got clout ♪
And so it's like. for me
to have my really bad song
in the New York Times.
people are going to Google it.
and they did.
And now I have millions
of streams on that.
I made a lot of money off of it.
And it's like...
all I had to do
is lick a toilet.
I would do it again.
I'm planning things
that are similar.
do again
and again and again.
- I'm on fire!
I'm on fire!
[shots. shouting indistinctly]
- We got to come up
with new ideas that are crazier.
How much can you shock people?
And that's the direction
that I kind of took it.
Don't tell anyone. Okay?
I couldn't find the bathroom.
- Hey?
- I couldn't find
the bathroom.
Don't tell anyone. please.
Okay?
Just kidding.
It's a water bottle. man.
It's a water bottle.
He was getting so scared.
We had filmed his clip
where I'd shot a pellet
through my cheek.
So we took a pellet gun
and put it on the inside
of my cheek.
- Don't do it. Turner.
Oh!
- Pretty graphic.
but it worked perfectly.
It shot right through.
I could squirt beer out of it.
It was pretty cool.
And so I sent that over
to World Star.
Sent that to a bunch of
meme pages on Instagram.
And I think World Star
ended up picking it up.
Got like a million views
on World Star
in like an hour
or something like that.
and I just remember
I gained like 3.000 followers.
I had. like. 600 followers
at the time.
I gained 3.000 right there.
And that's when I was kind
of like. Whoa. this is cool.
The excitement. I can describe
exactly where I was that night.
I was working at Panera Bread.
I was a dishwasher there.
and I guess I had my phone
not on silent.
and I had my Instagram
notification bell still on.
And I remember...
[imitates dinging]
I'm like holy...
So I went to the washroom.
and I'd seen everybody send it
in my DMs saying.
"Yo. it's over 500.000 views."
and I'm seeing
all this traction.
I was like. holy...
I wanted to go home right there.
I was so excited
to start replying to comments.
And that's when I was kind
of like.
Whoa. this is kind of bigger
than just my hometown.
This is cool.
- Is your name Jake?
- Yeah. that's me.
- You're the dude
that does dumb shit.
Dude. I'm following you
on Instagram!
- This is what I wanted.
a little fan base.
It doesn't have to be huge.
Just this little fan base
of people commenting.
and that come back every day
to watch me for me.
And I went home.
That was super exciting.
Yeah. it was awesome.
[rock music]
- What's up? It's Jumanne.
I just got out of the shower.
Look.
I'll take this off.
My blowup bed has a hole in it.
So yeah. you know how this go.
Got to go get
a new air mattress.
Probably going to grab
this one right here.
[beeping]
All right. hold up.
My receipt.
He just wanted
to check my receipt.
But yeah. I'm going to just
have to take the bus.
My air mattress usually
probably lasts
about three to four months.
I just grab whatever I see.
$10. $15. so I don't really
have a preference.
I always have to blow it up
every three to four days.
It'll be hard on my back
if I don't put air in it.
[whirring]
Yeah. so it can be an issue.
You know. I just appreciate
the situation that I'm in.
'cause I know it could be worse.
[hip hop music]
♪ Guys I can't do this
until I have had nicotine ♪♪
- I never went viral
on accident.
I did it on purpose.
I made the song Skinny Legend
Anthem with a plan.
and it worked. Jeffree
and Kanye. It was a plan.
I said. There's already rumors
about Kanye being gay.
Let's play up on those.
And I said. what would drive
TikTok kids crazy?
How can I make
this all about me?
So I immediately make
the TikTok. and I say.
"This divorce comes as
no surprise.
Kanye has been hooking up
with a very famous beauty guru.
male beauty guru."
Jeffree Star had moved
to Wyoming.
and obviously that aligned
super well.
'cause Kanye West lived
in Wyoming.
So people were like. "Oh. my
God. this makes so much sense.
Everyone ran with the story.
People are making
TikTok about it.
Now that Kim's finally
doing this. I feel like
I can spill the tea that I've
been holding onto for months.
This whole divorce
comes as no surprise.
Kanye's been hooking up
with a very famous beauty guru.
People in the scene
have known for a while.
I wake up in the morning; it's
trending number one on Twitter.
and I was just like.
Oh. I did that.
And then everyone
starts coming to my page.
I'm getting millions
and millions of views.
So I'm like. How can I keep
this story going?
How can I keep it going?
I say Kim's suing me.
Hey. TikTok. So I had to make
an emergency visit
to my shopper's office
to get an outfit for court.
because Kim Kardashian's
literally suing me.
Like. thanks. bitch.
I need an excuse
to shop anyway.
Bring it on.
And I made
a fake legal document.
and I posted on TikTok.
And the news ran wild with that.
because the media doesn't care
about being honest with you.
Who wouldn't want to read
about Kanye West hooking up
with Jeffree Star?
So they didn't do any research
in it; they just ran with it.
Kris Jenner says is
absolutely not true.
makes a statement about me
to TMZ.
And I mean.
it was crazy and it was funny.
And then eventually
it was just like.
Yeah. I made this all up.
and me admitting I made it up
was even crazier
because people were like.
No fucking...
Like. this girl's crazy.
Did I do harm?
Maybe a little.
Was it ethical?
Absolutely not.
Is anything in social media
ethical? No.
Is the media ethical?
No.
I'm just as bad
as everyone else.
especially in that scandal
and that situation.
And then I find out recently
that Jeffree Star and Kanye West
were the fourth most
Googled couple of 2021.
So I had that much influence
and that much power.
That was crazy.
- My first job. I was 17.
I worked at Taco Bell.
Mostly as fast food.
I worked at McDonald's.
Burger King.
I worked at CVS.
I realized when it comes
to being a content creator.
it's about resources.
it's about money.
I don't have that.
I never had that.
Everything I had was...
you know. it's a sacrifice.
If I lose my computer.
and everything that I have.
I can't afford
to buy it again.
When I started thinking about
the controversial videos
and why I created that.
it was free to do that.
I can use this
to build a audience.
and I don't have to pay
for promotion for this.
The promotion's going
to come to me.
I'm going to go forward with
this and see where it takes me.
The first thing I say is going
to catch people's attention.
so I try to swear.
and just saying fuck it.
People are going to be like.
Oh. is this guy serious?
I have to get
into that character.
and I have to make it
believable.
I just try to be
very aggressive.
That's what's going to get
people's attention.
Fuck Rite Aid.
CVS. bitch!
[crashing]
We don't support none of this
shit right here. nigga.
And I didn't know
if it was going to go viral.
I didn't know
if it was going to work.
I believed it would.
but wasn't really sure.
Within three days.
I got 100.000 views.
I was very happy
when that video went viral.
It could be addictive. getting
all that kind of attention.
I was real happy.
and I'm like. Yo. this is crazy.
However people feel about it.
whether you think
it's funny or you don't.
if I can monetize this. if I can
get a fan base from this.
then that's for myself.
- Why do content creators
not stop?
Internet fame is a fame
unlike on any other.
There is no way to experience
internet fame
unless you've experienced it.
There's a dopamine hit
that has no tangible experience
in real life.
In fact. if anything.
it's incredibly hard to describe
internet fame to someone
outside the internet.
That is a platform exploit
designed specifically
to train people to do it again
and then do it again
and do it again.
- And that's why it becomes
an addiction for them.
My name is Dr. Donna Rockwell.
and I'm a clinical psychologist.
One of my key research interests
is the psychology
of fame and celebrity.
When somebody recognizes you.
when someone adores you.
they become used to it. and
they want that hit of dopamine.
but it can't last forever.
[cheering]
- Tell me your thoughts on this.
Are you excited?
- I actually am.
No one wants to do it.
I want to do this.
This is a great idea.
- Yeah.
- I'm Jacob Hillhouse.
and this is
the porta-potty rave.
[shouting]
I remember when
I first started this.
one of my biggest inspirations.
Steve-O.
I posted on Facebook.
you can go find it.
I said. I'm manifesting this.
I'm going to work with Steve-O
sooner than later.
2019. I got to work with him.
We did a video.
He tattooed me.
I actually have a tramp stamp
now. which is awesome.
So that's one of
my biggest wins.
I keep mentioning Jackass.
but it's because
they're such a staple
in this whole
content creation side.
where when they stopped
making movies and stuff.
there was a little hole
that wasn't filled anymore.
You had a few one-offs.
but there was never people
that loved the craft
of doing a stunt.
- Ready to see a big miss?
- Buddy. I played a lot of Nerf
back in the day.
- Ooh...!
[laughing]
- I can do these crazy things.
I can make these awesome videos.
I can create this content
without anything.
- Hey. I remember
when I was a kid.
I used to try to get away
with everything.
Now I don't give a fuck.
The next video I would post
would be
a video that I did walking into
CVS. stealing.
[man]: How much is that?
- $19.99? Sheesh!
That's way too much.
Yeah. I'm going to just take
some Sour Patches.
Lifesavers.
- Can you get those
out of your pants?
- Why would I take them
out of my pants?
- Because it's disgusting.
- Nah. I'm all good with that.
I ended up getting arrested
for that.
I remember my first time
sitting in jail
over these videos.
I realized this is
way out of my control.
I think I know
what I'm doing. but I don't.
[crashing]
When I was in jail.
I knew that I was going
to have to make more videos.
So that means I also have
to go to jail.
When I get out of jail. I knew
that at some point in time.
I was most likely
going to end up back in jail.
- Going viral doesn't
guarantee
you're going
to benefit financially.
A lot of these influencers
have to find ways
to make money themselves.
- Gofundme.com/jumannestruggle.
jumannestruggled.com
[crashing]
Follow me on Instagram.
@jumannestruggled
- They're stuck trying
to figure out.
"How am I going
to make money?"
- Hello.
How's it going?
I am Jade. also known
as Jadasaur.
I love basketball.
I like doing social experiments
just to see people's reactions.
I'm a content creator.
so I like to make people laugh.
I started just pumping out
content in Singapore for fun.
because like. Okay.
this is a new experience.
I didn't expect to gain
a following at all.
I was just being stupid
in Singapore.
and people.
they liked how weird I was.
I was like. Oh. okay.
I'll just... Kept going.
And that's when
the algorithm picked me up.
It's like I won the lottery.
Instagram is my funnel
for OnlyFans.
and that's how I advertise
Instagram is the main advertiser
for OnlyFans.
They come from TikTok
to Instagram.
and then Instagram
to OnlyFans.
Honestly. OnlyFans has
changed my life.
It's given me financial freedom.
I wouldn't be able to live here
if it weren't for OnlyFans.
to be honest. so...
It's made so many creators
millionaires.
I never would've.
in a million years.
thought that I could
make money monthly
just selling my pictures
and videos.
and it's great.
[laughing]
I can't complain.
Yeah.
- Instagram's a fantasy.
It really is a fantasy.
and it's like
you're going on there.
you're seeing the best
presentation of everyone.
And that's why
I have a huge emphasis
on just being hot.
because it's like. I have to be.
Like every time I get a new
surgery. or when I do something.
every time I change my look
or whatever. it just like...
it helps.
- It's bigger than "sex sells."
but sexualized content sells.
And we can do that in extreme
ways like pornography.
or in sort of more mundane.
subtle ways.
like certain poses
that are very sexualized
and taken from
porn chic aesthetics.
are very flirtatious.
and mimic what we might see
in traditional pornography.
So it might not be porn.
but it takes all of the poses
and gestures
and formats of porn.
and waters it down
for a mainstream audience.
[hip hop music]
- Can you can describe
where we are. or...?
- We're in the smoosh room.
This is where we make
OnlyFans content.
We have all had sex
on this couch over the years
when his parents go on vacation.
On Thanksgiving.
we had an orgy here.
Seven people.
It's very squeaky. though.
- You would know better than me.
You just got with someone here
the other day.
- Yeah.
- Half of her videos
I'm basically a director in.
- He films them.
- Our trusty favorite.
- This has been
inside of us both.
- It's like show and tell.
[laughing]
So. we have duct tape.
- For bondage play.
- A screwdriver that I don't
know why is in here.
but check out Ava's OnlyFans
to find out.
- Yeah.
That clip goes on the wall
to make people horny.
and then
we sell them our nudes.
I know you've heard
of gay for pay.
He'll do straight for pay.
- Yes.
Yeah.
Well. I'm not bi technically.
but I'll do stuff for money.
- Someone wanted him
to shit on camera once.
- I know.
- How much did they
pay for that?
- It wasn't that much.
I was really drunk.
I took whatever they offered.
And then they unsubscribed.
so I don't think I did it right.
- Yeah. our friend shit
on some guy in a basement
for 10 grand.
- See. that I would do.
- Me too.
Shit all over that guy.
- I respect the hustle.
- I would do it too.
This guy just subscribed.
Time to tell him
thank you.
"Thank you for subbing."
[light music]
- Yeah. So the mime was an idea
that we came up with.
'Cause mimes.
they're silent. right?
So when you're in pain.
most of the time you're making
some sort of noise.
You're screaming a swear word
or something. Aaah!
So we thought.
Let's do painful things.
you'll dress up as a mime. and
then you can't make a noise.
You have to just use
your facial expressions.
It's a stunt.
We get that shock value
and that craziness to it.
but then there's comic value
behind it.
There's comedy to it.
people are like.
Oh. that was crazy.
but it was funny.
And that's what made Jackass
so successful.
I like watching people get hurt.
I bet everybody here has
watched Ridiculousness
or America's Funniest
Home Videos.
People want to see it
all the time.
so there's people now like me
on the internet
that will do it for you. and
you can watch it all the time.
So yeah. for the mime.
it blew up on TikTok originally.
So like. okay. let's keep
the mime gig going.
I think I gained like a million
on TikTok in like two weeks.
I'd never seen those
numbers before. Right?
We started uploading them
to YouTube.
People started going over
to our YouTube
because at the end of the day.
YouTube is the main goal;
that's where we drive everybody.
And people love it. so...
- I go by either Easton _Cyruss
or Peter Teatime.
depending on the platform
that you'll find me on.
I feel like Easton _Cyruss and
the TikTok content is more...
of just fast-paced bangers.
whereas the Peter Teatime
content was supposed to be
more about parkour
and training and athletic stuff
versus the high-risk stuff.
But now they've kind of blended
into all being...
the high-risk stuff.
[chuckles]
I just found more success
through the high-risk stuff
online.
and the success of it
made me want to pursue that
more than the other avenues.
- What we click on
and what we interact with.
whether we like it or not.
this new attention economy
is brokered by all of us.
We are the ones that get to
decide as consumers
what gets pushed to the top and
who makes it in this world.
I think what most people
don't know about influencers
is it's a ton of work.
Your fans are always commenting.
always interacting
with your content.
There's always a demand
to put more out there.
Never being able to step away.
[phone beeping]
- If you trying to join
the live.
just leave a comment
and send a request.
Um... Masley trying
to join the live.
[phone beeping]
What's up? What's good.
Slim Block Boy?
Um...
[phone beeping]
Go through the comments.
Shout out. Too Many Churros.
[phone beeping]
Everybody want
to join the live now.
Yo. what's good. bro?
As far as in why people would
want to watch.
people want to see someone
that just came from the bottom
and found a way to make it
to the top.
and that might attract people.
I'm about to add you right now.
Yo. what's up bro?
[fan]: I got a question for you.
So in that one where you were
running through the store
knocking stuff off the shelves.
what was going
through your mind?
- I know this might sound funny.
but I'm trying to make sure
nobody hurts me.
and I try not to get
into any physical altercations.
You know what I'm saying?
[fan]: I don't blame you.
- Hey. you got to fight Jake
Paul.
- Jake Paul? Jake Paul
would probably knock me out.
I'll get in the ring. though.
I'll do it.
I would do it just for
the publicity. though. honestly.
- Yeah. you really got to.
You just got to...
- Just for the publicity.
The people that's going to
follow. they going to follow.
The people that support
is going to support.
And that's all I could do.
is just try my best
to move in a direction
I want to go in.
and I just have to continue
to move forward.
I don't know
what the future holds.
Anything could happen.
Where you from. bro?
Where you from?
- Me?
- Yeah.
- I'm from Jamaica. bro.
- Jamaica. All right.
I was just asking. but yeah.
All right. go ahead.
My fault. bro.
- One of your most iconic lines
was. "$19.99. nigga?"
- Sheesh! Yeah.
- Oh. my God.
- Someone asked the question.
he said.
"When are you going
to become happy?"
That's a good question.
bro.
That's a good question. man.
I don't know.
I'm probably not going to be
satisfied
until I'm making money
as a full-time content creator.
I've been contacted
by so many people.
and I do have people
that tell me. you know.
keep my head up
and move in a better direction.
People understand
the way how I feel.
So yeah. if I didn't have faith.
I wouldn't have done
the videos that I did.
- There are no rules
for being a content creator.
There's no more ad breaks.
there's no more adherence
to some sort of structural
"You can and cannot do this."
We have to be aware that the
rules aren't established
by the structure any longer.
The rules are established
by the content creator.
So one of my most famous climbs
was the Golden Gate Bridge
in San Francisco. California.
Guys. we've just made it
to the top.
This is incredible
to be honest.
It's so beautiful up here.
And I'm not allowed to talk
about how I climbed the bridge
or any aspects of the climb
itself.
It's a federal monument.
and the repercussions of
climbing it were pretty severe.
A British agency.
they picked up the story
and they aired it.
and that very same day.
thousands of people were
messaging me. news companies.
"Hey. we want to do
an interview with you."
And the story just blew up.
And my video went
from 10 views on YouTube
to like 150.000.
It just took off.
Started seeing some
of the ad revenue flow in.
I got really excited about it.
And then the legal ramifications
hit me.
Homeland Security
and the FBI got involved.
And so they tracked me down.
They got in contact with me
and they came to meet with me
in Wisconsin.
For starters.
we got hit with the criminal
case of trespassing.
And then on top of that.
we got sued
by the Bridge Authority
themselves for $50.000.
And they pretty much
interrogated me.
and they ended up
asking me about
how could they prevent
other people from climbing it.
It became a very high-profile
case in San Francisco.
It was in the news every day.
And the lawyer who ended up
taking my case
was a rock climber.
and he felt for us.
And he wanted the fame
of taking on the case.
so he took it on for us
for a very low cost.
and he got us off
of all the charges.
And it went over
pretty smoothly in the end.
- You can DM. you can direct
message a celebrity
on their account.
which I think probably
gets people very excited.
- Okay. first comment.
- Comments. comments. comments.
- "Ay!
Hearts. hearts. hearts."
"Wow. Heart. heart. heart."
Lot of hearts.
- My comments are like half
and half: half good. half bad.
Or depending on the posts.
they're all good.
or sometimes they're more
bad ones than good.
- Perfect and sexy.
Thanks for the smile.
Heart eyes. heart eyes.
heart eyes.
- Dewayne Davis 84.
"Clout is the most dangerous
disease out there."
It's true. I mean.
it's true. It's...
He said. "You're a masochist."
What does that mean?
I keep getting those comments.
I think it's someone
that likes pain.
I think that's what that means.
I could be wrong.
I'm not sitting there being
like. "Yeah. this is awesome."
Yeah. no.
I'm definitely not a masochist.
Yeah.
"Kids with semi-well-off
parents. expensive hoodie.
GoPro. martial arts
or gymnastics training.
sense of entitlement.
bored kids
with too much free time.
and parents that pay
too little attention."
I mean. he's pretty spot
on with all of that.
but what's so bad
about a middle-class kid
doing something he enjoys?
- They're not going to say
bad things.
I don't think
they'll say bad things.
I have a pretty good fan base.
They love me.
- You dumb as shit.
Um...
Yeah.
Straight to the point.
I can't disagree.
- You an inspiration to me.
You feel me?
- I'm an inspiration? How?
How I inspire you?
- You inspire me by doing
crazy shit at grocery stores.
and it just reminds me that
you got me to realize sometimes.
you got to not give a fuck
and do what you got to do.
You feel me?
- I feel you.
That's not the kind of
inspiration I want to be.
but I understand
where you're coming from.
- Oh. damn.
This one hurts.
Spensah said. "Boy from Whitby
suburbs still trying to make it
after 10 years
of failed attempts."
Damn!
Um...
I am from the Whitby
suburbs.
It hasn't been 10 years. man.
Give me a break.
It's been maybe like
half of that.
It hurts because it's like...
It's not one of those ones
where it's like.
"Look at this skinny asshole."
It's ones that
I've personally sat down here.
or like in my car
when I'm driving or something.
that I've thought about.
that kind of gets myself down.
So then it's like
when someone comments it.
like. "Oh. damn. I have thought
about that before."
So it kind of cuts deep.
If I've thought about it.
Damn. that person's thinking
about it too.
So it's like. Damn. it has been
a while.
and I still haven't made it.
type thing.
And then when you see someone
else put it into words.
and it's publicly right there.
it's like. Oh. damn.
You know what. Spensah?
I'm going to remember that.
I'm going to write down
that @name.
and then five years from now. if
I'm still in the exact same spot
that I am sitting
right here today.
then I'll give you that W.
But... for now.
yeah. that one hurt.
Damn.
- Everyone's on their phones
all the time.
and people are getting less
face-to-face time. which is sad.
but it's happening.
How the tipping works
is that
they can tip to send you
a message.
So when they send you a message.
they can request
anything they want.
So they can basically
type like.
"Hey. can I have these videos?"
"Can I have these nudes?"
"Can I have this kind of video?"
"Can I have a JOI video?"
Most often request I get
is JOI videos.
Jerk off instructions.
For some reason I think they
like to hear me talk to them.
It's just interesting.
'Cause it's very personalized.
and that's why they buy it.
because it's directed
towards them.
When they tip.
they can have any type of JOI.
They can request.
"Can you call me Daddy
at the end?" Stuff like that.
Right?
So they can make it
their own. like a story.
[chuckles]
[woman]: You're just looking
like that.
- If you like to have Charli
dance to your song.
I think I used to be more
ignorant to all this shit
and the realities of social
media and life.
and then I saw the effects that
it had on Ethan to get canceled.
- My mirror broke. Um...
How's your day going?
- I was 20 when I met him
and he was 16.
I didn't know he was 16
when we met.
because he told me he was 20.
and he lied.
And we became friends before
I ever knew how old he was.
so then I had to not care.
I felt really close to him
because he understood me
and I understood him.
And we both were working
social media.
so we were very much helping
each other a lot with that.
And then just losing that
was really hard.
because it was just like losing
someone that was my partner.
- Everyone's been trying
the giant straw challenge.
so I'm going to try it.
- His internet career started
falling apart
'cause he made
some dumb decisions...
[retches]
...but that made him die.
- I am Deanne Krusensterna.
I am the mother of Ethan Peters.
Ethan is supreme.
Ethan will always be the
outrageous one of the group.
- Mwah!
He is the one who is going
to say.
"Hey. I'm here. Pay attention."
He made well over six figures
right before COVID hit.
But then he did a video
on TikTok.
and there was a woman that
was taking her kids to Disney
every single day.
and he made a funny video
about calling child
protective services.
'cause that would be
a horrible thing.
We are not Disney
kind of people.
We'd rather go
to a rock festival.
or anything
but hang out at Disney.
- And we said. what if
your kids something else?
What if they like Marvel
and stuff like that?
And we were just making a joke.
Just 'cause you love Disney.
what if your kids
don't love Disney?
- They attacked.
They decided that
he was making fun
of this woman's children.
which he wasn't.
They went after brands.
contacting brands.
telling brands that
this is a horrible person.
you shouldn't be using
this person.
And brands started dropping him.
- He lost all of his brand deals
and endorsements.
loses followers. loses so much.
And it really was.
that's what sent him
over the edge. losing so much.
- Instead of just saying.
you know what?
I don't like this person.
I don't like their content.
I'm not going to watch them.
they find this need
to destroy them.
[alarm beeping loudly]
- You know what?
I helped him make that TikTok.
I don't really feel guilt
about that
because Ethan did nothing wrong
in that TikTok.
Nothing wrong at all.
The internet decided to make him
think it was wrong.
That's their fault.
Here's the thing:
I will never think it wasn't
part of my fault that he's dead.
I've gone through
our text messages
and I've gone through our DMs.
and there'd be points
where he'd be posting
about his life. and I'd be like.
Go get a fucking Xanax.
I will never ever. ever say
I'm not a part of the reason
that 17-year-old kid's dead.
- She didn't have to use
the platform like that.
You know what?
She could have simply sent him
a message and said.
"Hey. I was quite offended
by your video.
But that video hurt my feelings
and I would really be sad if my
kids grew up and saw it one day.
Could you please take it down?"
I guarantee Ethan probably
would've taken it down.
They're still commenting on
his Instagrams every single day.
bullying a post of a dead child.
- Another one.
"Bitch."
She says. "This is what happens
when you let your son be gay.
If you slapped the shit out of
him when he came out of you.
then maybe this wouldn't have
happened."
You're only on my account
because you wanted
to leave this message.
It's just absolutely insane.
Who does that?
- You have to be. That was a kid
making mistake 'cause he was 17.
And you have to think about.
What did I do when I was 17?
How did I act when I was 17?
What are the mistakes
I've made in life?
You have a privilege that
you didn't do that on camera.
It's a fucking privilege.
There's things that
I said on the internet.
like. I'll look back on videos
I made on 2019
and my Instagram archive.
and I'm like. yikes!
I would never do that at 23
because I grew the fuck up.
[melancholy electro music]
[faucet creaking.
water pouring]
- As far as working a job.
spent 10 years...
I didn't have no love
for it.
I didn't have any passion.
I didn't have that motivation
to get up every day
and do this and do that.
If I wasn't a content creator.
I honestly think
I'd be in a lot of trouble.
The chances of me committing.
like. real crimes...
Probably would be a criminal.
like a real criminal.
unfortunately.
I don't know what I would do.
That's the problem.
So I decided if I'm going
to go to jail.
I'm going to go to jail
for these videos.
I had one bad day at work.
I look at the customers. they're
all the way to the door.
things weren't moving the way I
wanted to. It was an impulse.
I want change.
and I want it now.
For me.
it's a lot of tolerance.
I ran out of it.
[metal clanging]
Fuck all this Subway shit.
Fuck all of this Subway shit.
bro.
I'm done working at Subway.
All of this clout-chasing shit
is temporary. bro. deadass.
I don't want to do this.
I really don't want
to be doing none of this.
I'll throw everything
on the floor. man. deadass.
I don't even care. bro.
If this what I got to do.
if this what I got to do
to get on.
this what I'm going to do
to get on. bro.
And I don't know what else
to do. You feel me?
If I got to clout-chase
my way to the top.
I'm going to clout-chase
Just give me an opportunity.
I'm going to take advantage
of it.
You know what I'm saying?
That's all I can say.
Know what I'm saying? I'm going
to make the best out of it.
Just looking
for an opportunity. bro.
[yells]
My name's Terrence Tayag.
I'm probably one of Jumanne's
biggest fans. I guess.
My yearbook quote:
"I understand
the consequences of my actions.
but I also understand
the benefits."
It's a Jumanne quote.
and it plays into
his entire YouTube persona.
- Yeah. one day I'm going
to be a millionaire.
All this is temporary.
- When I first saw the first
Subway video he released...
I'm going to be honest.
I laughed so much when I saw it.
I just was laughing
so freaking much.
That video. when it blew up.
got over a million views.
Even my friends
got a hold of the video.
People reposting
Jumanne's videos
on all these social platforms.
Reddit. YouTube.
Instagram. Twitter.
all those places.
getting the clicks.
And also. it made it
onto the local news as well.
The Subway one really hit
the media for real. though.
When he did that stuff.
he knew what he signed up for.
I know he's doing it
for a reason.
I know he's not just doing it
for clout. Right?
I mean he is.
but I don't think he's a bad
person when he does that stuff.
He clearly knows it's wrong.
And even though it's wrong.
it's just there to get
the attention that he needs.
[neon buzzing lightly]
- At the beginning
of when Jake started this.
I don't think I understood
what the platform was
or what it was intended for.
All I understood was that
my son
was making
some poor decisions
and putting himself
in harm's way
for laughter
or for comedic value.
And as Jake was going
through high school
and finishing up high school.
and you hear about other
parents and their kids.
and they're going off
to college or university.
and my son's an influencer.
I was like. I don't even
know what that means.
Are you getting a full-time job?
Are you going to go to school?
So it's just a world
that I never knew.
and I'm not even sure
that I could say
I completely
understand it still.
- I quit.
- I remember at a burger joint
was a young boy.
and he's just trying to...
You know. he's trying
to get Jake's attention.
And he's identified.
he knows who he is.
and he's trying to get
his attention.
and he wanted to take a picture
with Jake.
Well. those are kind of like
smile moments for me
where... may not understand.
but those are the fun times.
- Having Ava as a daughter
has been very challenging.
to say the least.
I mean. the stunts she pulls
and all this stuff.
but I do have
to give her credit.
The fact that she's...
worldwide news so many times.
and enough money to
be starting a 401k.
is very impressive
at your age.
And so...
Not that I like what she's...
I'd rather have her get married
to some guy.
- I don't want to do that.
Listen to this DM I got
from some guy:
"Just had a drink
with your dad in Manhattan.
He's so proud of you
and showed me your page.
Would love to connect."
Obviously
this creepy old man...
- But you didn't...
He's a plastic surgeon.
He's offering you
free plastic surgery.
- I never thought
about the fame.
I mean. you would talk about.
"Oh wow. this clip got
so many likes. or whatever."
- Mm-hmm.
It never fazed me that
I would equate that with fame.
- Nowhere near where I want
to be in the social media.
I just want to keep building
followers and a fan base.
- See. and I'm oblivious
to all that.
- I never thought
that it would actually...
ever get to be this big.
[yelping]
- Look at her on her pony
at the horse show.
She won a ribbon. Right?
She had a really nice life.
She just didn't like
how she looked.
You notice it.
- Yeah. 'cause she bullied me.
- I did.
I bullied her 'cause
I didn't want her to get fat.
She wouldn't stop eating out.
- So I got an eating disorder
and threw up everywhere.
She used to go on a bikini
on her trampoline
and bounce on the trampoline
in a bikini
to make all the moms upset.
And the kids would come home
on the bus from school.
and then we would all see my
mother in a bikini. bouncing.
- Guilty.
- And she wonders
why I have an OnlyFans.
- It's been tough at times
watching certain stunts
or activities
that my son has done that he
would put himself in harm's way.
And as a mom. you want
your children safe.
And to see him
cause himself harm...
Because I think at that age.
you don't think anything's
ever going to happen.
You assume that all
will be well.
or always going to recover.
And as a parent. you always
look at. "What if it doesn't?"
What if that one time...?
- Okay. Go again.
Let's go again.
Ready?
We're going to go.
- So I definitely had
some strains for sure.
And you try to be understanding
and tolerant
but still provide the direction
and guidance
as to what they're doing
might not be viewed as favorably
in the general public.
But it's been...
it has been challenging
throughout some of the years.
- I don't like the
rooftopping at all.
- Which is fair.
- We've had fights.
I've yelled and I've...
"You're not doing this!"
Well. I'm not going to...
- I'm 22 years old.
- ...ground a 22-year-old guy!
What am I going to do?
You know...
And then he would say.
Well. I wouldn't do it
if I wasn't comfortable
doing it.
I wouldn't do it if I knew
I was going to get hurt.
I wouldn't do it
if I knew I couldn't do it.
And I said.
Well. accidents happen.
And I pray a lot for him.
A really lot.
So I have blonde hair now.
I've got a nice mustache
going on.
The new Jackass movie
just came out.
They took
one of my bits. I think.
What are you going to do?
It's the internet.
I can't trademark a video.
I can't trademark the mime.
You know?
People have been doing it
since. I don't know. 1920s.
[yelling]
Yeah. it sucks.
But it is what it is.
Steve-O's been an inspiration.
I've mentioned that many times.
that Steve-O is kind
of the reason
why I got into doing stunts
and stuff.
And yeah. with the whole
mime bit.
it was a clearcut ripoff
to the tee.
even with the skateboard
hitting the shin.
Would've been nice
to get the invite.
It would've been cool to get
a little bit of credit in there.
But what are you going to do?
Good shot.
The butter is
on the top. dude.
Fucking ridiculous.
"Do not attempt any of the
stunts you're about to see."
If only a whole generation
listened to that. bro.
Legit. man.
[laughing]
Yo!
Dude. he just...
Yo. what the fuck?
Wow.
[onscreen]:
This is the quiet game.
- Okay. Here's my live reaction
to seeing Jackass
take the mime idea.
[onscreen]: Are you ready?
[yelling onscreen]
- Oh. my God. dude.
- So confidence is...
- Yeah. they fully
kind of took it. but...
[ethereal music]
It's kind of like
a fresh start a little bit.
So that's how I'm going
to try and look at it.
And I don't know.
I think it's time to retire
the whole mime thing.
I want to be known
as Jake Hillhouse too;
I don't want to be known as the
guy that puts on mime makeup
and fucks himself up.
You know?
I mean. Steve-O made a noise.
and I never made a noise.
So I got him on that.
- Where should we start?
This... this is my gold
Chanel bag.
It's covered in flies.
because though
I am an influencer.
I live like the dirty
ratchet Jersey bitch I am.
This bag was $6.000.
People look at it
and they're like. Oh. my God.
that's the most gorgeous
Chanel bag I've ever seen.
And it's just special
and different.
I only buy bags
that are special.
This is my latest purchase.
I thought the color
was quite pretty.
This is how I would imagine
unicorn semen would look
if a unicorn ejaculated
onto a purse.
This is kind of the vibe I got.
This is the real prize.
Little dirty.
This one was like 7.000.
This one was 4.000.
which is cheaper for my bags.
I just started collecting them.
I got a designer purse
addiction.
And I got addicted
to the fucking bags.
And I didn't even carry them.
I would just go to the store
and see one that was cute.
and I could afford it.
so I bought it.
Then I realized
at the end of the year.
I was just like.
I spent at least $150.000
on purses that
I don't even carry.
Oh. no. It appears
the cats have chewed it.
Oh. no.
My cats chewed on this.
That sucks.
Oh. well.
Guess it's staying with me
and not ever being sold.
[coughs]
Not that I would want
to sell this one anyway.
I got rich way too fast.
I made a very immature decision.
So if you get really rich
off the internet.
save it
and don't buy dumb shit.
'Cause it's like when you give a
21-year-old six figures a year.
and obviously she's going
to blow it on Chanel bags.
Now I'm getting older
and realizing
I should invest my money
on myself and my ass.
It's an investment.
[clanging]
- Um. I could...
The amount of money
that I've made over time
from my content.
I probably made
a little bit more than $500.
But that's over two years maybe.
I didn't make anything
that was worth it financially.
I've made money.
but it wasn't worth it.
- I think a lot of what's
driving influencer culture
is the dream or allure that
you might be able to make it
and that it might be lucrative.
and you could be the one
that goes viral.
So that's what's making
the content get pushed out.
- Statistically. to be
a super famous. I'm talking
top-end. super famous
internet celebrity YouTuber.
your odds are extremely low.
There are over 3.000 channels
making six figures a year
on YouTube:
underneath one tenth
of one tenth of 1%.
Not good.
Your odds.
your current odds.
are easier to get drafted
onto a professional sports team
and go to Harvard
and then get drafted
onto another sports team
is easier than becoming
a super famous YouTuber.
So it is statistically
difficult
to become super famous.
That being said.
anyone can do it.
- Anybody want to join the live?
Damn. Terrence ain't pop up
or Teddy. This is crazy.
They're not even here. bro.
at all.
Um...
Yeah. I mean. it is what it is.
You know what I'm saying?
So...
Might of have had
a couple viral videos.
but that doesn't mean nothing.
I didn't make any real...
I didn't make almost any money
off those videos.
so regardless
on how many millions of views
that my videos generated.
it hasn't done anything for me.
My reality is I have
a bad reputation locally.
The people that are coming
to my profiles
and sending me messages.
but they're coming out
of the controversy.
so they're coming through hate.
They're angry
and they want to criticize.
And that's really it. it is.
And everything I did is like
a circus. I was a clown.
And if I'm going to be a clown.
I have to be a clown.
I can't just take off
the clown suit
and put on a business suit
and think people are going
to stay for the show.
They're not.
They came to see a clown.
That's what they came
to the circus for.
They want to see the act.
"What's a message you hope
to express most in your story?"
I don't know.
Just a person trying
to find himself.
I don't know.
I'm just a regular person. bro.
Just a human being.
- My TikTok has been deleted.
which sucks.
Tried appealing it.
Doesn't look like
it's happening.
They have the ability
to just take you down.
[yelling]
Pry it open.
Ow. fuck!
Yeah. I think I was taken down
for self-harm. which.
you know. it kind of makes
sense. it kind of doesn't.
I don't know.
It just sucks
'cause that was a big form
of numbers
to push towards my YouTube
and push towards my Instagram.
So yeah. it sucks.
I didn't make a single dollar.
at least not from TikTok.
So to dumb it down for you.
I don't know what's next.
but I do know
that I do want to reshape it so
that I can do this for a living.
Because right now I'm not
doing it for a living.
'cause I don't make anything
from it really.
- I forever am going
to be looked at
as the girl who licked a toilet
seat. but who cares?
If I licked a toilet seat
and I was really ugly.
I would not have gone
as explosive as it did.
But there was some sex appeal
in me licking that toilet seat.
You know what I'm saying?
And it's like. if I was an ugly
girl licking a toilet seat.
it wouldn't have done
as the numbers did.
But I think especially
what I do for a living.
sex just really sells.
You cannot be a woman
who has zero talent.
Like. I don't have talent.
My talent is manipulating
the media and blowing up online.
I would say that's talent.
But besides that.
we live in a society
where we're seen as objects.
We just are.
And a lot of people
don't want to admit it.
There are women
who don't want to appeal
to the male gaze and they go
very against the grain.
And good for them for that.
But I'm not going to do that
because I see the advantage
of taking over the male gaze.
And if men just want
to have sex with me
and see me as a sex object.
'cause it's what was happening
to me for years
and happening to every girl
I've ever known.
I was just like. Well.
let's just make money off of it.
Just in general.
there are girls
who don't have OnlyFans
who are getting used by men.
At least
I make money off of it.
'cause you could not be
a little sexy internet girl.
but then you'll have to go work
a nine-to-five.
or you'll probably be
sexually harassed at your job.
- We need to be tuned in.
We can't passively interact the
way that television allows us
to sit back and consume.
And we need to remember
that we are actually
in charge of the platform.
It isn't the platform
in charge of us.
- One of the reasons the TikTok
algorithm is so powerful
is it's based on something
called dwell time
and actually
what you're watching.
So it's not as much
what you like or share;
it's what you're actually
watching.
which is a much better indicator
of what you as a consumer
are interested in.
So as much as consumers
might say they don't want drama.
they don't want a certain
type of content.
it actually is sort of a mirror
back to ourselves
because we're the ones that
are liking. commenting.
sharing. and engaging
with that content.
- Yeah.
- I was getting harassed a lot
in the DMs by people saying.
Why weren't you in the new
Jackass? Jackass stole your bit.
Have you seen the new Jackass?
How come they didn't ask you
to be in the mime bit?
Blah. blah. blah.
So I just posted an Instagram
video dressed as the mime.
and I said. You can't trademark
a genius idea.
Kind of egg on the people
that were already harassing me
about that.
And I guess Steve-O
might not have known.
He has known about me since 2017
when I snorted pepper spray
'cause he sent me
a video saying.
"Good job on the pepper spray
snort. bro."
And he said. "Looking at the
comments on your last post.
people are saying that we copied
you with our silent game bit.
Did you really do that first?"
And I just basically replied
saying.
Yeah. that's been my thing
for two. three years now.
And he replied saying
something like. "Yikes."
But moral of the story is that
I did get the follow back.
So...
Steve-O's been an inspiration.
so that's really cool.
I mean. who knows? Maybe
they'll do a Jackass 5
and I'll be the star.
You never know. I mean.
life can work that way. Right?
- I feel like things are just
getting worse.
You know? It's like
after the whole Subway thing.
when I just reflect
on my reputation.
I'm like... that thought of
suicide was definitely there.
It was there multiple times.
You know?
Even though I'm not dead.
I feel like it's only
a matter of time. I guess.
It's just deep depression.
I guess.
It does that to people.
For some people like myself.
it becomes your life.
I've adapted to it for so long.
it's just a part of me.
Suicidal thoughts
kind of start off like.
"Oh. what if I wasn't here
no more? Who would care?"
It's not really thinking.
"Oh. I should kill myself."
but I wonder
who would care if I wasn't?
And that's kind of the slow
process of like.
no. I don't want to be here
no more. But you never know.
I think people that killed
themselves.
they know it's coming. but
they don't know exactly when.
I think it just hits them.
So I try to be humble
about that.
You know. you never know.
[melancholy music]
- Yeah!
Get it. Let's go!
[clapping]
Nice try.
- So I wouldn't attempt
something like this
outside
in a threatening situation
unless I did it in the gym
hundreds of times.
- You got it.
Let's go.
Push it. Push it.
There it is!
Good. Hey!
Get it.
Big swing.
Woo!
Let's go!
To the cat over.
[jazz music]
[indistinct comments]
Number one rule:
check your surfaces.
Sometimes these tries
take like 30 tries.
You know. you watch the videos.
you watch people do it.
It looks like. Oh. they're just
super good
and they just
get it right away.
Little did you know
they trained all day
for that one jump. You know
what I mean? So it's crazy.
Oi!
And that's called a bounce back.
- I wouldn't do something
if it's not in front of a camera
or for views.
I guess I say this
because I have trained years.
Now I'm just at the point
where I want an audience
to show off
my hard work to.
- Which. that's fair. You know?
- Yeah.
If that's what drives you
and that's what helps you
get better.
then absolutely 100%
go for it.
But if that's going to put
you out of your comfort zone.
then that's when you have
to call it there
and say.
Why am I doing this?
And am I even capable
of doing this?
- You know your limits.
You know?
You train. and then
that's pretty much what it is.
For what I do.
so many people have a different
perspective and idea
of what it is I'm doing.
Some of it's negative.
some of it's positive.
but at the end of the day.
everybody. they want to see it
and they want to watch it.
I still have a lot of people
who are like.
Man. what you do is so dumb.
but I watch it anyway.
Then there's a lot of people
who are like. That's so cool.
I wish I could do stuff
like that.
And I love watching you
because I never could do
something like that
and I want to see
somebody do it.
And that's one of the reasons
I do it too.
is because if it wasn't me
up there doing it.
I'm sure somebody else
would be up there doing it.
The risks of it is that
anybody with a cell phone now
can go do some stupid shit
and think that
they're going to get famous
or get money from it
and then fuck themselves up
and get hurt. but that's always
been the risk.
People were doing dumb shit
before there were cameras. so...
I am proud of the amount
of followers
I've been able to gather. but
I'm not really happy with that.
Obviously want to strive
for a lot more
where I can be more
self-sufficient off my content.
I've made a lot of plans
to get outside
and meet up with other creators
and go film some more stuff
that will hopefully go viral
and we'll get
some more viral content.
The very first time I was ever
on a roof
and just looking over the edge.
it always just kind of made me
feel like Batman or Superman
just sitting
on the edge of a building.
And I think I've just built off
that feeling
from those points
after.
And I'm going to keep
making videos my entire life
no matter what
the repercussions are
because it's something
I love to do.
- I think we're all
multifaceted individuals.
We're all multidimensional.
We're all multidimensional
individuals
with all different sides of us
and all kinds of experiences.
They see one dimension
because they see my Instagram.
they see my scandals.
they see my music.
They see one dimension
that they're being fed
and filtered through Instagram.
They don't get to hear me talk
like I'm talking right now.
And that's not really what you
go to social media for anyway.
You don't go to social media
to be like.
Oh. I want to hear
about Ava's experience.
and I want her opinion on what
it's like to be a teenage girl
navigating the internet
and famous men.
They don't want to.
They want me to lick a toilet.
They want me to do
something crazy.
So it's like I am now
a prisoner to my persona.
low-key. which is whatever.
I've come to accept it.
- Me and Colton. we've now...
This week has been better
than last week.
We decided to come to LA
at a really poor time.
I knew the Super Bowl was
this weekend.
but I didn't know it was in LA.
So this trip was definitely
probably the most expensive trip
I've taken to LA.
- It was like six grand though.
probably all in all.
- Because of the complications
that have happened.
- Yeah.
- You must look at these trips
as not like. Oh. my God.
I'm out six grand.
You have to look at it as like.
Well. it was an investment.
If I didn't spend
that six grand.
I wouldn't have met this person.
wouldn't have got this footage.
or I wouldn't have said
this thing to this person
that now they're maybe...
You really have to look at it
as an investment.
Even if the trip is terrible
and nothing worked out.
you made noise somehow.
And that's how
you have to look at it.
Dom just hit me back.
I said. "We still good
for three?" He said. "Yes. sir."
I said we can all go
and fucking see what happens.
- Okay.
- Okay. well. got ribbon.
I don't know. man.
- Attach it
to the license plate.
- That's probably enough.
Sometimes the stunts don't...
go the way I want them to.
It's so ghetto. dude.
Like. fuck.
[engine roaring]
Okay. Ready?
I'm going to put it on.
Which eyebrow should I do?
- You got to hold it
so it doesn't rip your skin.
- Oh. fuck. Yeah.
I think it's coming off.
- Here. Wait. wait.
Wait. Here.
♪♪♪
- All right.
You ready. Dom?
[engine roaring]
Give her.
[ripping sound]
Fuck!
How much is left?
- Holy shit.
- Is it gone?
[laughing]
How much is left. dude?
Dude. I look fucked.
Well. at least we used the
Lambo for a good cause. dude.
[hip hop music]
- I feel like I have many
different personalities also.
Yeah. I definitely went through
a TikTok stage.
a OnlyFans stage.
Now I think I'm ready
to try something bigger.
OnlyFans was just a way
to supplement income.
I don't think I really
want to do that forever.
Yeah. My dream
is to do acting. Yeah.
OnlyFans.
I don't regret it at all.
It's just changed my life.
It helped me pay
for acting school.
it helped me pay
for where I'm living right now.
I feel like everyone can be
an online personality.
It's definitely easier
to do online.
You just post
whatever you want.
But acting is hard.
- I lost friends.
So as you're telling him that.
picture two or three people
that you love.
and you've lost them.
- Our post got ambushed.
I lost friends.
So not the same as you. but...
It's really hard.
TikTok. I could just be myself.
TikTok is just like.
"Yo. just pump out quantity."
Quantity over quality
for TikTok.
But for acting. I have to...
A lot of thought goes in it.
and it takes
a lot of mental energy.
[slow hip hop music]
- What's up?
It's Jumanne.
I finally figured out
what I'm going to do
as far as creating content.
and honestly. I'm going to just
focus on music.
I'm going to just go all in
with music
and see where that gets me.
♪ I made mistakes
and I'm stuck with it ♪
♪ With every step.
I been stumbling ♪
♪ I don't think
I'll ever trust again ♪♪
[indistinct singing]
[slow hip hop music]
Welcome to the crib. buddy.
This is the little studio.
[music playing]
- Yo. this was the beat. right?
- Yeah. that's the beat.
- Yeah.
Even if you mess up.
just keep it going.
You can mumble.
I just need to make sure
I get the right pitch.
- Yeah. Got you.
[♪♪♪]
[singing indistinctly]
I don't know. I was just still
trying to feel it out.
Know what I'm saying?
Ain't going to lie.
I'm feeling a little pressure.
so I'm like...
♪ Ain't no trust
for these bitches ♪
♪ Ain't no love for my niggas
♪ Don't get turned into a victim
Swear to God I'm a killer ♪
[rapping indistinctly]
Yeah. I didn't really want
to get on no gangster shit.
Just take that shit out.
- Talk about money.
- I'm broke.
- We can speak about wants too.
[indistinct chatter]
I'm not going to front.
I was expecting not worse.
but I was. Yo. this guy's
wilin'! This guy's crazy!
I hope he don't come over here
and just be like.
you're mixing's ass! And just
starts tearing everything down.
[laughing and coughing]
- Chill. chill. chill. chill.
Nah.
In real life. I don't be
tripping like that in real life.
I really been trying
to just rebrand
and just create a better
perspective. 'cause...
I get that.
- But after hearing your music
shit too. I was just like.
Yeah. nah. this guy has music.
and the way he's going about
things kind of crazy.
but his music is
what I fuck with.
'cause I felt like
I could relate to you.
With you. bro. I see a future.
I see your style.
I see you're willing to improve.
You're really trying
to learn shit.
People have a dream. bro.
I want to dream with them.
- Let me try this instead.
'cause I think this is way...
It's better lyrics.
And I wrote this earlier today.
so it's like. fuck it.
I feel better about it.
♪ Nah you could see
all of my flaws ♪
♪ I could never be right.
'cause I'm usually wrong ♪
♪ And I'm making mistakes
as I'm writing this song ♪
♪ I won't ever be perfect
This the way I was born ♪
♪ The mistakes I made yeah
♪ I just need tome to myself
♪ Don't nobody know how I feel
♪ And I think nobody will
♪ Too many thoughts in my mind
♪ It affects
how I'm feeling inside ♪
♪ The pressure
they telling me lies ♪
♪ You can tell it's been killing
my vibe ♪
♪ Struggle
♪ Why I feel so uncertain
I just feel like I'm worthless ♪
♪ All this pain
I've been hurtin' ♪
♪ Someone say I deserve it
♪ I don't know why they hate me
Why? ♪
♪ But I can't let it faze me
♪ If I do then I'm crazy
But it seems like that lately ♪♪
[uptempo music]
[moaning in pain]
- LA. How did it go?
- LA went well.
I kind of feel more motivated
again to do this content stuff.
I think when I started
this out.
I didn't think I had any talent.
but I knew
I wanted to entertain.
so I just resorted
to paying for fame.
I think that's literally
the definition
of what I kind of am doing.
I'm more excited
than I was before.
I think this will be
a good year for me.
[yelling]
My advice for someone that wants
to do the type of content I do.
or just wants to get into
content. probably don't do it.
There's so many other ways
now to make content.
Okay. Stop.
You hit me in the dick.
Dude. that one got me
in the dick.
[indistinct chatter]
There's one stuck
on your back. too.
- I don't care.
[laughing]
- What's it like
being internet famous?
- Um...
You think I'm internet famous?
I guess it's kind of cool.
I mean. I'm still broke.
I still live
in my dad's basement.
I drive a Honda Odyssey.
But I have people
that watch my videos
and they leave nice comments
and they like
to take pictures of me.
So yeah. it's pretty cool.
- Like. comment and subscribe.
- So. guys.
smash that "like" button.
Like. yo. Jake. this isn't
going on anything. Shut up.
- We all crave fame
for a really good reason.
a real human reason.
and that's
that we need to matter.
We need to feel relevant
in the world. in our lives.
that what we're doing is
important. contributive.
And I think that it's just
that fame has gotten confused
with relevance.
Because now when people are
famous they're feeling relevant.
and if they're feeling relevant
then they exist.
and if they exist
then they matter.
What I try to emphasize is
that we're already famous.
You're famous. I'm famous.
I'm famous to my children.
to my husband.
to my work friends.
to my friend friends.
I'm famous in my own existence.
That's the only show there is.
My life. my existence. my fame.
And I need to matter
to the people in my life
who I touch and who touch me.
It can't just be about me.
It has to be about we.
- It's hard to say who you are.
I think we all struggle
with identity issues.
I've been a lot of people
in 23 years.
I used to be an artist.
I used to ride horses.
I used to have glasses
and be bullied.
And I used to believe
in unicorns when I was a child.
Never made fun of me for it.
Then I also was a fucking
drug addict in college.
And I was a girl
who had really
abusive boyfriends.
And I was a girl
who licked a toilet seat.
who made Skinny Legend Anthem.
But I'm also a girl
who really loves her cats.
and really loves
her best friend.
and a girl who really loves
her life now.
And I'm a girl who has
an OnlyFans.
and a girl who has a verified
check mark on Instagram.
I'm so many things. so why
ever put a label on it?
And I think people
want to do that really badly.
So I don't know.
I just... I am Ava.
That's that.
- The brand going forward is
just Jumanne
to kind of reflect
that I'm trying to change.
I'm just going to be myself.
you know.
So people that are genuine
enough to really
see me
for who I am.
they'll just see the transition
that I'm trying to make.
♪ You could see all of my flaws
I could never be right ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm usually wrong
♪ I won't ever be perfect
this the way I was born ♪♪
At this point. it's just
about me
doing everything that I need
to do to rebrand myself
and rebuild my platform.
It's just going to have
to speak for itself.
My recording session.
the engineer and producer
that I was working with.
just the relationship that
I've been building with him.
I'm happy about that.
It was great.
It was a good experience.
♪ Made it this far
I refuse to turn back now ♪
♪ Nothing left to lose
tell my why would I forfeit ♪
♪ Hate it or love it I'ma make
it out of the struggle ♪♪
It's been five years
since this all started.
and I'm done with all of it.
as far as all of this
struggling. the whole concept.
I'm going to just move forward.
man.
and move in a better direction
and learning from everything
that I did.
And I might not be able
to reach a point of success.
but I could definitely prove
that I'm not the person
that I portrayed to be.
Hey. y'all. What's good?
I'm doing it again.
Y'all want little
somethin' somethin'?
Yeah. that's all Jumanne.
And I'm just so happy.
I'm rapping.
I'm doing one of my dreams.
I really want to be a football
player. but it's all good.
Got my MySpace.
got my videos up there.
And y'all going
to see more on me.
All right?
Believe that. Peace.
[soft music]